feat!(cli): add --egress-provider flag with beam as default (#486)
filecoin-project/filecoin-pin: AGENTS.md

**Network**: `--network mainnet|calibration|devnet` (default: `mainnet`). Devnet reads config from foc-devnet's `devnet-info.json` and auto-resolves private key and RPC URL. `--network` and `--rpc-url` are mutually exclusive. When `--rpc-url`/`RPC_URL` is set, the chain is derived by probing the endpoint's `eth_chainId`.

> **Egress**: `--egress-provider beam|none` (default: `beam`). Controls whether uploaded pieces are routed via the [FilBeam egress CDN](documentation/glossary.md#filbeam-egress). Today FilBeam serves piece/CAR retrieval only, not IPFS-block retrieval. Pass `--egress-provider none` to opt out; the dataset owner is on the hook for piece-retrieval egress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Egress**: `--egress-provider beam|none` (default: `beam`). Controls whether uploaded pieces are routed via the [FilBeam egress CDN](documentation/glossary.md#filbeam-egress). Today FilBeam serves piece/CAR retrieval only, not IPFS-block retrieval. Pass `--egress-provider none` to opt out; the data set owner is on the hook for piece-retrieval egress.
```
